Okay, let's look at the app code.
So here, in order to eliminate confusion and make sure
that everyone is working with the same set of requirements.
I have preconfigured the status codes that will be used.
So they are just numeric codes with constants to identify them.
There's an unknown code,
there's an on time,
and really the only one that is relevant for the purpose
of paying out insured passengers is this one,
status code late airline.
So that means the flight was delayed due to the airline and not due to weather,
technical or other reasons.
So when your Oracle reports in a code of 20,
that's when the whole payment process gets triggered.
Now, in order to keep things simple and have you
focus on the logic and the data and the DAP.
We have put all the code from the prior lesson related to Oracles already in play here.
So you don't have to worry about that aspect since you already have the code.
It's just convenience to already have this embedded in here.
So any data structures you see here are to support the Oracles.
Otherwise, you're free to change things around,
and even with the Oracle since it's your project you're free
to change around as long as you match the requirements.
But in this particular file you'll see that there is a region at the very bottom,
after you've go through some of
the other requirements where all the Oracle code is collapsed,
so it's called Oracle management and there's a large amount of
code but it's all code that you've encountered in the prior lesson.
So it should be familiar to you.
So looking at some of
the functions stubs that are here have the option to register a flight.
Now why is it necessary to register a flight?
Well, the reason for that is because when a user makes a choice in the UI,
what flight options are available to them.
So I've put this function here,
but you might opt as we described in the slides earlier to just have
the list of flights that the user can choose available directly in the DAP,
so it might just be hard-coded.
But another option, if you want to
challenge yourself is to provide the ability to register
a flight and then retrieve a list of flights that are registered
when the user is ready to make a selection.
Given that the flights all have a timestamp,
you can then be intelligent about the UI and only show
flights that are scheduled for the future versus flights that are already done.
Process flight status, this is going to be
a very key and very important part of your code.
This is the function that is intended to be triggered when
the Oracle comes back with a result and it has to decide where things go from there.
If the flight was on time and it returns a status code that is not 20,
then it has to determine if anything happens at all,
or if some other user actions occur.
In most cases, you only want to react to 20,
and at that point you want to look for passengers that have purchased insurance for
this particular flight and start the process of determining how much they should be paid.
Fetch flight status is intended to be a function that is triggered from the UI.
As I mentioned in the earlier slide,
we are not going to have that be automated by a third party API.
It's going to be a button that you click on the client DAP,
which we'll call fetch flight status and it will generate
the event that will then be picked up by the Oracles and then respond to them.
So that code is basically here in place.
Feel free to modify that and optimize that as you deem appropriate.
So that's the gist of the two solidity files you'll be working with.
As I mentioned, it's going to be fairly
important that you early on decided in terms of the separation.
Where do certain things related to
the persistent data store which is flight shorty data go and what goes in app?
I've given some hints,
but you may want to move those around.
The other thing that is not covered here which you will
want to incorporate is the dependency.
The ability for flight shorty data to be deployed,
and then for flight shorty app to be deployed and
capture the data contracts address and make a reference to it,
so you can call into it.
If you recollect from a prior lesson on multiparty,
the constructor of the flight shorty app
had the address of the flight shorty data contract.
So that's something that you would want to manage here in your test config.
In test config, this is the setup for all your tests.
So when you instantiate the data contract you'll want to set up the constructor of
the app to take the address of that and that way both contract,
the app contract knows where to find the data.